Document new filter by backend roles strategy settings for notifications and alerting plugins (#12794)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _install-and-configure/configuring-opensearch/plugin-settings.md

- `opensearch.notifications.general.filter_by_backend_roles` (Boolean): Enables filtering by backend roles (role-based access control for the notification channels). Default is `false`.

> - `opensearch.notifications.general.filter_by_backend_roles_access_strategy` (String): Controls filtering by backend roles (role-based access control for the notification channels). Default is `intersect`. The possible values and their behaviors are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `opensearch.notifications.general.filter_by_backend_roles_access_strategy` (String): Controls filtering by backend roles (role-based access control for the notification channels). Valid values are:
```

Author: I accepted the suggestion, but should we not document that the default value is `intersect`?

>   - `exact` - Users have access to alerting objects if they have **exactly the same (with no additional)** backend roles as the user who created the object

Reviewer 2: Should these descriptions say _"access to ~~alerting~~ **notifications** objects"_?

Author: Good catch! Fixed: https://github.com/opensearch-project/documentation-website/pull/12794/commits/265623ae5a55e89e6c272ae278a21aac4795ebd5

>   - `exact` - Users have access to notifications objects if they have **exactly the same (with no additional)** backend roles as the user who created the object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `exact` -- Users have access to notifications objects if they have exactly the same (with no additional) backend roles as the user who created the object.
```

>   - `intersect` - Users have access to notifications objects if they share **at least one** backend role with the user who created the object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `intersect` (Default) -- Users have access to notifications objects if they share at least one backend role with the user who created the object.
```

Reviewer: I'd move this one to be the first because it's the default value.

>   - `all` - Users have access to notifications objects if their backend roles **contain all of the backend roles** of the user who created the object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `all` -- Users have access to notifications objects if their backend roles contain all of the backend roles of the user who created the object.
```
